     IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF JACKSON COUNTY, MISSOURI
                       AT KANSAS CITY

                                       )
FERN PAYNE,                            )
                                       )
       Plaintiff,                      )
                                       )       Case No.: 2616-CV12184
       v.                              )
                                       )
THE METROPOLITAN                       )
COMMUNITY COLLEGE                      )
FOUNDATION et al.,                     )
    ​    ​     ​                       )
    Defendants.​   ​                   )
​                                      )

            PLAINTIFF’S PROPOSED PROTECTIVE ORDER

      The allegations and defenses in this case may put at issue information,

documents, or materials that may be confidential and, as such, subject to

limitations on disclosure under federal law, state law, or the right to privacy

of   Plaintiff Fern Payne and The Metropolitan Community College

Foundation, Metropolitan Community College, and The Junior College

District of Metropolitan Kansas City (collectively “MCC” and / or

“Defendants”).

      The desire by one or more Parties to protect the confidentiality of this

information and disclose it only in designated ways is good cause for the

entry of the present protective order. Accordingly, the Court enters the

following order:
2
                                Definitions

     1. The words set forth below shall have the following meanings in this

Protective Order:

     a. “Action” means the above-entitled proceedings: Fern Payne V. The

  Metropolitan Community College Foundation, Case No. 2616-CV12184

  and any appeals therefrom.

     b.   “Attorneys” means counsel of record in this Action, and their

  employees and staff.

     c.   “Confidential Materials” means any documents, testimony, or

  information which a Designating Party believes in good faith and in

  line with the Missouri Constitution are entitled to confidential

  treatment under the law. Specifically, this includes tax information,

  bona fide trade secrets, non-public financial data, medical records,

  Social Security numbers, and/or the names of minor children.

     d. “Designating Party” or “Producing Party” means the Party that

  designates any documents, testimony, or information as “Confidential

  Materials.”

     e. “Disclose” or “Disclosed” or “Disclosure” means to reveal, divulge,

  produce, give, transfer, communicate, or otherwise make available

  Confidential Materials or any part thereof or any information contained




                                     3
therein. It does not include Court filings or use of materials designated

as “Confidential” in a hearing or a trial.

   f. “Documents” means any materials within the scope of Mo. R. Civ.

P. 58.

   g.      “Expert” means a person with specialized knowledge or

experience in a matter pertinent to this Action who has been retained

by a Party or its counsel to serve as an expert witness or as a

consultant in this Action (whether or not retained to testify at any oral

hearing) and who is not a past or current employee of any Party. This

definition includes a professional jury or trial consultant and/or a

doctor or medical provider or treater.

   h. “Materials” means any Documents, information, testimony, data,

or other tangible or intangible items Disclosed in this Action.

   i. “Party” means Plaintiff Fern Payne, Defendants, or any person

acting as an agent or representative thereof.

   j.    “Professional Vendor” means a person or entity that provides

litigation support services (e.g., photocopying, videotaping, translating,

preparing exhibits or demonstrations, organizing, storing, retrieving, or

copying data in any form or medium, etc.) and its employees and

subcontractors; or a person or entity who is a private investigator, or

serves     process   and/or   documents,     and   its   employees    and


                                     4
   subcontractors; or a person or entity who serves as a jury consultant or

   other case-related vendor and its employees and subcontractors.

      k.    “Witness” means a person who may have discoverable

   information or who may be called as a witness to trial.

                            Rights To Designate

      2.   Any Party shall have the right to designate as “Confidential” any

Materials that it believes in good faith and with good reason are Confidential

Materials under the terms and definitions of this order.

           Process for Designating & Challenging Designations

      3. Any Materials to be designated as “Confidential” must be clearly so

designated before or at the time they are Disclosed, subject to the exceptions

provided for. The Designating Party must provide a “Designation Log” of all

Confidential materials with their Bates numbers/Exhibit numbers (if used in

a deposition or motion), title, and reason for Confidential designation. This

log must be updated and re-produced within 14 days of each new Confidential

designation. However, it will be presumed that Social Security numbers are

Confidential and documents containing Social Security numbers need not be

marked or placed on the “Designation Log.”

      4.     Documents:    The Designating Party must affix the word

“Confidential” on each page of any Document to be designated as a

“Confidential Material.”   Each and every page that is confidential must be


                                      5
designated as such or it is not confidential. The “Confidential” designation

should not obscure or interfere with the legibility of the designated

Materials.

      5. Testimony: Before the close of the deposition, while on the record,

the Designating Party shall identify any testimony or exhibits to be

designated as “Confidential,” whether this be specific portions of the

testimony, specific exhibits referenced thereto, or the testimony and exhibits

in their entirety.   The non-Designating Party will have an opportunity to

make its objections on the record. If no designations are made before the close

of the deposition, the Designating Party may also designate testimony as

“Confidential” by written notice to the other party within 14 days of its

receipt of the transcript and exhibits. Exhibits previously designated as

“Confidential” Documents need not be re-designated.

      6.     Other Materials: For any Materials not addressed above, the

Designating Party shall make the designation by distributing to all Parties a

written document specifying what portions of the Materials are to be

designated as “Confidential.” The written document identifying the proper

designations must be disseminated before or at the time the Materials are

Disclosed.

      7.     In the event a Party produces a large volume of Materials for

inspection, no designation of confidentiality need be made by the producing


                                      6
Party in advance of the initial inspection. For purposes of the initial

inspection, all Materials shall be treated as “Confidential Materials” for a

period of 14 days. Thereafter, upon selection by inspecting Party of specified

Materials for copying, the producing Party shall make the designations in

accordance with the procedures specified in paragraphs in this Order.

      8.   Challenging Designations: In the event that counsel for a Party

receiving Materials designated as “Confidential” objects to such designation

with respect to any or all such Materials, the Parties shall first try to resolve

such dispute in good faith on an informal basis. If the dispute cannot be

resolved informally, counsel for Party objecting to the designations shall

advise counsel for the Designating Party, in writing, of its objections, the

specific Materials to which each objection pertains, and the specific reasons

and support for such objections (the “Designation Objections”). Counsel for

the Designating Party shall have thirty (30) days from receipt of the written

Designation Objections to either (a) agree in writing to de-designate the

Materials pursuant to any or all of the Designation Objections and/or (b)

provide in writing brief explanations supporting its choice of designation for

the Materials in question. If the Party objecting to the Designations remains

dissatisfied, it may apply for appropriate relief with the Court (the

“Designation Motion”). The Designating Party shall have the burden of

establishing that the Materials are entitled to their “Confidential”


                                       7
designations. Pending a resolution of the Designation Motion by this Court,

any and all existing designations of the Materials at issue in such Motion

shall remain in place.

                      Access to Designated Materials

      9.   Access to and/or Disclosure of Confidential Materials shall be

permitted only to the following persons or entities:

      a.   the Court (and its staff and employees);

      b.   (1) Attorneys (including their affiliated attorneys, paralegals,

   clerical and secretarial staff employed by such attorneys who are

   actively involved in the Action and are not employees of any Party); and

   (2) in-house counsel to the undersigned Parties and the paralegal,

   clerical and secretarial staff employed by such counsel;

      c.   those individuals who are Parties or those officers, directors,

   partners, members, employees, close family members, and agents of all

   non-Designating Parties that counsel for such Parties deems necessary

   to aid counsel in the prosecution and defense of this Action; provided,

   however, that prior to the Disclosure of Confidential Materials to any

   such individuals who are Parties or any such officer, director, partner,

   member, employee or agent, counsel for the Party making the

   Disclosure shall explain this Protective Order to such person and shall

   explain that such person is bound to follow the terms of such Order.


                                       8
   d.    court reporters or videographers in this Action (whether at

depositions, hearings, or any other proceeding);

   e.   any person shown on the face of a Document to have authored,

received, seen, or referenced in the Materials designated “Confidential;”

or alternately, any person who is known (through discovery or good

faith beliefs) to have authored, received, or seen the Materials

designated “Confidential.”

   f.   any potential or actual deposition, trial, or hearing witness in the

Action who previously has had access to the Confidential Materials, or

who is currently or was previously an officer, director, partner, member,

employee or agent of an entity that has had access to the Confidential

Materials;

   g. Professional Vendors;

   h.    mediators and/or arbitrators (including their employees and

staff) the Parties retain in connection with this Action;

   i. any witness in the Action who previously did not have access to

the Confidential Materials; provided, however, that each such witness

given access to Confidential Materials shall be advised that such

materials are being Disclosed pursuant to, and are subject to, the terms

of this Protective Order and that they may not be Disclosed other than

pursuant to its terms;


                                      9
         j.    mock jury participants; provided, however, that prior to the

   Disclosure of Confidential Materials to any such mock jury participant,

   counsel for the Party making the Disclosure shall explain the terms of

   the Protective Order to each person and secure their compliance with

   it.

         k. Experts and the clerical staff in their employ; provided, however,

   that prior to the Disclosure of Confidential Materials to any such

   Expert or clerical staff, counsel for the Party making the Disclosure

   shall disclose the existence of a Protective Order to such person and

   shall explain its terms to such person; and

         l. Any other person or entity that Parties agree to in writing.

                           Use of Designated Materials

         10.    Confidential Materials shall be used by the persons or entities

receiving them only for the purposes of preparing for, conducting,

participating in the conduct of, and/or prosecuting and/or defending the

Action.

         11. The entry of this Protective Order does not alter, waive, modify, or

abridge any right, privilege, or protection otherwise available to any Party

with respect to the discovery of matters, including but not limited to any

Party’s right to assert the attorney-client privilege, the attorney work product




                                         10
doctrine, or any other privileges, protections or privacy rights, or any Party’s

right to contest any such assertion.

      12. Parties shall take reasonable steps to file any Confidential material

with the Court with an appropriate designation of confidentiality, either by

making an appropriate e-filing Note to Clerk on Casenet, emailing the

Confidential material directly to the Court, or moving for leave to file

Confidential material under seal.      The parties and Court recognize that

under Missouri law, there is a strong presumption of public access to court

records, and the fact that a document has been filed confidentially is not

binding on the Court. Further, by filing Confidential material with the Court

in a non-public manner, a party is not waiving the right to raise to the Court

that the party believes the material should be public. If a Party inadvertently

files a document containing Confidential Materials with the Court, the

burden falls upon the Designating/Producing Party to file a motion to seal

with the Court, and any disputes about filing of such material shall first be

discussed by the Parties.     Any party shall have a reasonable opportunity,

after a dispute is raised, to cure any alleged failure to follow the provisions of

this Order before recourse is made to the Court.

      13.   Confidential Materials may be redesignated as not Confidential

after they are used at a hearing or in trial.




                                        11
       Inadvertent Failure to Designate/Inadvertent Disclosure

      14. The inadvertent Disclosure by any of the Parties or non-Parties of

any Materials in this Action without a “Confidential” designation, shall be

without prejudice to any claim that such Materials are “Confidential” and

such Party shall not be held to have waived any rights by such inadvertent

Disclosure.

      15.     The inadvertent Disclosure of Materials subject to the

attorney-client privilege, attorney work product doctrine, or other applicable

privileges shall not be deemed a waiver of any privilege or doctrine or

protection.

      16. Whenever counsel receives Materials that obviously appear to be

subject to the attorney-client privilege, work production doctrine, or other

applicable privileges and where it is reasonably apparent that the Materials

were provided or made available through inadvertence, the lawyer receiving

such Materials should refrain from examining them any more than is

essential to ascertain if they are privileged, and shall immediately notify the

sender that he or she possesses Materials that appear to be privileged. The

receiving lawyer shall also destroy all copies of the privileged, inadvertently

disclosed Materials.

      17. In the event of an inadvertent Disclosure of Materials subject to

the attorney-client privilege, the work product doctrine, or other applicable


                                      12
privilege, the producing Party may give written notice to the receiving

Parties that the Materials are privileged or immune from discovery, stating

the grounds for such privilege or immunity, and request that they be returned

to the producing Party. The producing Party shall give such notice as soon as

practicable after discovering the inadvertent Disclosure. Immediately upon

receiving such notice, the receiving Parties may not use the alleged privileged

Materials, and shall immediately segregate them in a manner that will

prevent further Disclosure or dissemination of their contents.

                                Non-Parties

      18.   Any Materials that may be produced by a non-Party in discovery

in this Action pursuant to subpoena or otherwise may be designated by such

non-Party or any Party as “Confidential” under the terms of this Protective

Order. Any such designation by a non-Party shall have the same force and

effect, and create the same duties and obligations, as if made by one of the

undersigned Parties hereto. Any such designation shall also function as

consent by such producing non-Party to the authority of the Court in the

Action to resolve and conclusively determine any motion or other application

made by any person or Party with respect to such designation, or any other

matter otherwise arising under this Protective Order.



                                 Disposition


                                      13
      19. To the extent permitted by law, the Court shall retain jurisdiction

to enforce, modify, or reconsider this Protective Order, even after the Action is

terminated.

                          Miscellaneous Provisions

      20. Any Party (or other person subject to the terms of this Protective

Order) may ask the Court, after appropriate notice to the other Parties to the

Proceeding, to modify or grant relief from any provision of this Protective

Order.

      21. Entering into, agreeing to, and/or complying with the terms of this

Protective Order shall not prejudice in any way the right of any Party (or any

other person subject to the terms of this Protective Order): (i) to seek a

determination by the Court of whether any particular Confidential Materials

should be subject to protection under the terms of this Protective Order; or

(ii) to seek relief from the Court on appropriate notice to all other Parties to

the Proceeding from any provision(s) of this Protective Order, either generally

or as to any particular Materials.

      22. Nothing in this Protective Order shall affect the admissibility into

evidence of Confidential Materials, or abridge the rights of any person to seek

judicial review or to pursue other appropriate judicial action with respect to

any ruling made by this Court concerning the issue of the status of any

Confidential Materials.


                                       14
      23. Any entity or individual later joined to the Action as a Party who

has not executed this Protective Order as of the time it is presented to the

Court for signature may thereafter agree to be bound by this Protective Order

by its counsel’s signing and dating a copy thereof and filing the same with the

Court, and serving copies of such signed and dated Protective Order upon the

other Parties.

      24. The parties agree that prior to issuing third-party subpoenas for

the records of the following: Plaintiff, current employees of Defendant, or any

witnesses identified by Plaintiff or Defendant, parties shall confer in good

faith to attempt to obtain the records sought without issuing subpoenas to

non-party entities or individuals.   If the Parties are unable to reach an

agreement, they will refer this dispute, pursuant to this protective order, to

the Court for resolution.    Only if the Court orders a party to produce

documents it is unable to obtain within a reasonable time frame, and that are

necessary to the prosecution or defense of the action, then a third-party

subpoena may be issued to obtain responsive documents. Such third-party

subpoena will be provided to the non-requesting party prior to being served

on the third-party. All such documents may be designated as confidential by

request of the parties. In the process of obtaining third-party records, the

parties and their counsel shall not engage in any contact greater than

necessary to obtain the documents.


                                      15
      25.​   Any disputes about applicability of Confidentiality shall be

determined under Missouri law. The Court recognizes that “while there may

be justification for sealing part or all of a file, to do so a court must identify

specific and tangible threats to important values in order to override the

importance of the public right of access.”    Brewer v. Cosgrove, 498 S.W.3d

837, 842 (Mo. App. E.D. 2016). Further, “case records are presumptively open

to public inspection and copying absent a compelling justification for their

closure. It is up to the objecting party to plead and prove convincing reasons

to rebut the presumption of openness.” Transit Cas. Co. ex rel. Pulitzer

Publ'g Co. v. Transit Cas. Co. ex rel. Intervening Emps., 43 S.W.3d 293,

303–04 (Mo. banc 2001), as modified (Apr. 24, 2001) (emphasis added).


      IT IS SO ORDERED.



Dated:

                                            _________________________________
                                            HON. ADAM CAINE




                                       16
